Increasing and decreasing pv and pvc 2.10 (#6287)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: observability/customize_observability.adoc

For more information about the parameters within the `mco observability` custom resource, see the _Observability API_ documentation.

[#increase-decrease-pv-pvc]
== Increasing and decreasing persistent volumes and persistent volume claims

> Increase and decrease the persistent volume and persistent volume claims to change the amount of storage your storage class. Complete the following steps:

Reviewer: "amount of storage your storage class" reads weird to me. See my rewrite, does that work? 

```suggestion
Increase and decrease the persistent volume and persistent volume claims to change the amount of storage of your storage class. Complete the following steps:
```
or 

```suggestion
Increase and decrease the persistent volume and persistent volume claims to change the amount of storage in your storage class. Complete the following steps:
```

Author: @jc-berger thanks Jake, I like "in your storage class"

. To increase the size of the persistent volume, update the `MultiClusterObservability` custom resource if the storage class support expanding volumes.        

. To decrease the size of the persistent volumes remove the pods using the persistent volumes, delete the persistent volume and recreate them. You might experience data loss in the persistent volume. Complete the following steps:
+
.. Pause the `MultiClusterObservability` operator by adding the annotation `mco-pause: "true"` to the `MultiClusterObservability` custom resource.

> .. Look for the statefulsets or deployments of the desired component. Change their replica count to `0`. This initiates a shutdown, which involves uploading local data when applicable to avoid data loss. For example, Thanos receiver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Look for the `statefulsets` or deployments of the desired component. Change their replica count to `0`. This initiates a shutdown, which involves uploading local data when applicable to avoid data loss. For example, Thanos receiver.
```

I might be incorrect, but it seems to me we'd need the ``

Author: You're correct. I would like to avoid using the tick marks this time. Throughout the observability doc i write "stateful set" when I am not referencing the resource name.

> .. Look for the statefulsets or deployments of the desired component. Change their replica count to `0`. This initiates a shutdown, which involves uploading local data when applicable to avoid data loss. For example, Thanos receiver.

Author: ```suggestion
.. Look for the stateful sets or deployments of the desired component. Change their replica count to `0`. This initiates a shutdown, which involves uploading local data when applicable to avoid data loss. For example, Thanos receiver.
```

> .. Look for the stateful sets or deployments of the desired component. Change their replica count to `0`. This initiates a shutdown, which involves uploading local data when applicable to avoid data loss. For example, Thanos receiver.

Author: ```suggestion
.. Look for the stateful sets or deployments of the desired component. Change their replica count to `0`. This initiates a shutdown, which involves uploading local data when applicable to avoid data loss. For example, the Thanos `Receive` stateful set is named `observability-thanos-receive-default` and has three replicas by default. Therefore, you are looking for the following persistent volume claims:
+
- `data-observability-thanos-receive-default-0`
- `data-observability-thanos-receive-default-1`
- `data-observability-thanos-receive-default-2`
```

.. Delete the persistent volumes and persistent volume claims used by the desired component. 

> //How would the entry look in the policy?

Reviewer 2: Maybe this comment ended up here by accident? There's no policy involved in this process.

Author: Yea, I meant pv or pvc

Reviewer 2: Alright. I'll check what their names will look like so that this can be complemented. 👍

Reviewer 2: @dockerymick the persistent volume claim (PVC) names are following the pattern: `data-<STATEFULSET_NAME>-<STATEFUL_SET_REPLICA_INDEX>`. 

For example, the Thanos Receive statefulset is named `observability-thanos-receive-default` and it has 3 replicas by default, so we are looking to find the following PVCs:

* `data-observability-thanos-receive-default-0`
* `data-observability-thanos-receive-default-1`
* `data-observability-thanos-receive-default-2`

> //How would the entry look in the policy?

Author: ```suggestion
//How would the entry look in the pv and pvc?
```

> //How would the entry look in the pv and pvc?

Author: ```suggestion
```
